EPISODE 9
Uncle, Auntie, I'm sorry.
I was the one driving.
When the accident happened,
Nai pushed me out of harm's way.
Otherwise, I'd be the one lying here.
Kid, don't be so hard on yourself.
Accidents can't be predicted.
Thankfully, he's awake now. Good fortune
comes after surviving a disaster.
That's right.
I should call our relatives.
- They're all waiting for the news.
- Hurry. Lie still and don't move.
Nai, are you sure you're okay?
Are you dizzy? Are you in pain at all?
Here, look at me...
What's one plus one?
One.
- No! I have to find the doctor!
- Enough! Calm down.
It's obvious Nai is fine now.
He knows you're not worth two cents.
- What time is it?
- Five in the afternoon.
You should log in and inform Weiwei.
- Mrs. Nai?
- Wait, given the circumstances...
Why are you still thinking about the game?
Mrs. Nai?
Please don't tell me,
she waited for you all night...
Mrs. Nai?
The doctor's here...
Doctor.
Please check if there'll be aftereffects
for my classmate!
Xiao Nai's roommates mentioned "Mrs. Nai."
Is our son seeing someone?
Not likely.
Xiao Nai's got a quirky temper.
I've never seen him be close with a girl.
How would he get a partner so soon?
- He'll be at least 40 when he marries.
- Why would you say that about our son?
Although I agree with you,
but his roommates call him "Nai,"
what else would "Mrs. Nai" mean?
It's probably a handle in gaming.
Kids these days
have all sorts of weird names online.
The other day,
our literature professor told me,
writers these days have crazy names.
There's a writer named
"Three Spoons of Sugar," of all things.
If "Three Spoons of Sugar" is acceptable,
why wouldn't "Mrs. Nai" be?
So, "Mrs. Nai" is probably just
a funny nickname.
That makes sense.
Don't read too much into it.
We won't get a daughter-in-law so soon!
Order a half-month worth of fish head soup
for him. That's good for concussion.
Okay.
This restaurant is near the hospital.
Do you know what's good
for a concussion patient?
Fish head soup is probably good for that.
- Great. I'll take one.
- Nice.
Then something light.
Mushrooms with veggies
and a bowl of rice.
Wait, let's get him
a stir-fried pork liver.
- Stir-fried pork liver.
- Yes, that'll do.
Just one bowl of rice?
Those are to go, for here...
A stir-fried eggs with tomato
and cucumber salad. Thanks.
That's it?
We're eating all vegetarian?
I don't have any money.
Nai's family may not blame me,
but I have to pay for his medical bill.
I'm sure health insurance will cover some?
Yes... It'll cover it.
Really?
An order of sweet-and-sour pork.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Hou, Mei,
I only say this to you.
From now on, I, Yu Banshan,
will always be indebted to Nai,
even in death.
I'm his for life.
Why are you saying this out of the blue?
You haven't had that kind of
near-death experience.
The moment our car hit the truck,
do you know what Nai's
instinctive reaction was?
It was to push me out of harm's way,
then grab the steering wheel.
I'm Yu Banshan. My life
isn't nearly as valuable as Nai's life!
Why would he risk his life to save mine?
I don't know if you've thought about it,
but I have.
Nai...
He's amazing. He's the master.
He's number one.
I'm no competition.
I used to think it's unfair, too.
Why not? Why am I
no competition against him?
But the evidence is clear,
so I must be convinced.
I'm simply not as good as him.
I'm sure everyone thinks so.
Only Nai doesn't think so.
His behavior has told me,
in his mind,
me...
me, Yu Banshan's life
is just as valuable as his.
In the past few days,
when Nai was in a coma,
I thought, what if we weren't so lucky?
What if we hadn't smashed into a tree,
and instead hit the truck head-on?
What would've happened to Nai?
Stop that nonsense.
Such a young life would've vanished,
because of me.
Nai only suffered minor injuries.
He'll be fine and discharged in two days.
I can't stop thinking about it.
Nai didn't think about it,
when he saved me.
He didn't know that...
he wouldn't get hurt.
Even if he's not hurt,
I'm laying it all out here today.
From now on, I'll do whatever
Xiao Nai tells me.
Come hell or high water,
I won't even blink an eye.
Well...
Spit it out!
Actually, I can totally relate
to what you're going through,
but I have to tell you,
there won't be hell or high water
in our lives with Nai.
- We'll only enjoy the finest of life.
- Right...
Also, you'd better get it in your head,
if you want to be Nai's for life,
you can only be a concubine,
since he's already got a wife.
- I'm serious!
- Fine, I know you're serious.
Let's go in.
Nai survived the car accident,
but he might starve to death.
Yes, let's go in quickly.
You've been crying all day.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Hold on.
Are my eyes red?
I can't let him see me like this,
or that shameless rascal will tease me.
- Okay... Everything's fine now.
- Don't cry.
Come on, let's go.
What's this monster? So sick!
I'll send you back to hell!
Ultimate...
I can't get it to work.
Forget it! My life's at risk.
Oh, no! I can't get away!
I'll have my heroine do you in!
Ms. Weiwei, Mayday!
Weiwei?
How can you be that into
an instructional book?
Come on! Help me destroy this monster.
Come on...
- Ms. Heroine, I beg of you!
- Let go.
Bumptious little thing! I'll show you!
You'll crawl away from me, from now on.
Weiwei, off him with a slash.
- Get lost. Don't get in the way.
- Got it.
What's wrong, Weiwei? Are you ill?
Erxi...
Do you have a good friend in the game?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
Have you thought about meeting him?
No, what's the point in that?
What if he suddenly disappears one day,
or never come online anymore?
Every day, the two of you
go to the instance dungeon together,
and you spend a lot of time
with each other,
but he simply vanishes,
and you don't know who he is,
or where he is.
Even if you see him in a crowd,
he's just a stranger.
But, isn't gaming like that?
Newcomers arrive every day,
and some others leave every day.
I might have just started gaming,
but that seems to be normal?
Yes, it's normal in gaming.
I thought I got used to it.
But why do I feel so panicky this time?
What's the matter, Weiwei?
I'm going to study now.
There are so many departures
without goodbyes in gaming.
Would Naihe disappear like that, too?
In the long, long days to come,
would this video be the only evidence
of me ever knowing Naihe?
But, maybe Naihe was simply
held up somewhere?
Why am I making a big deal out of it?
As for whether Naihe has vanished,
I only have to log on to find out.
Why am I afraid to log on?
Oh, no... I'm being sentimental.
Oh, no, I seem to be...
I seem to be in love.
Weiwei waited for you by the NPC
near Jinling City gates until 8:03,
and you never showed.
Weiwei logged off,
and she never logged back on after that.
That's all I know.
I see. Thank you.
Why didn't you show up, Yixiao Naihe?
When it was almost eight o'clock,
Weiwei told me,
she believed you'd come.
Sorry, I want to tell Weiwei first.
Nai, I hear she was badmouthed terribly
in the public chat room that day.
It's all my fault.
I'll beg for her forgiveness.
Dude, why are you taking so long?
Get up...
At this rate, Nai won't get any walnuts
until next year.
I think,
the key problem is
that she's no longer online.
Say,
would Mrs. Nai never log on again,
after the blow she took?
If that's the case,
would Nai be single again?
Why worry?
If it's internet-related,
Nai will track her down.
Unless she never uses the internet again.
That's true.
If that's the case,
won't Nai have to meet her in real life?
Would you do that, Nai?
What are you doing?
Watching the "Girl Bandit" video?
Weiwei's watching it.
- You hacked into her computer?
- You found her in real life?
When can I be discharged?
In a few days,
when you're fully recovered.
Hao Mei, put a little code
in the game for me.
As soon as Weiwei logs on,
send a text to my cell automatically.
Sure thing. I got it.
Is it really that good?
You've watched it so many times.
We watched and analyzed
"Titanic" in our last class.
For this class,
let's enjoy another Hollywood
classic genre film,
"The Bridges of Madison County."
Why are you so nice?
We're classmates.
We should help each other.
Thanks.
Are you okay?
Don't... It hurts...
You two, again?
I'm warning you, this is a classroom.
If you want to flirt, go outside.
Professor, the chair broke again.
She's hurt. May I take her
to the campus doctor?
Go ahead.
Here.
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
I swear, I really didn't know
the chair was broken.
Why am I always down on luck
whenever I see you?
I checked my horoscope today,
and it said five stars!
You ruined it all.
It's my bad this time.
I was my bad last time, too.
I apologize. I'm sorry.
- But I was sincerely trying to help.
- Sincerely?
Why did you suddenly find
your conscience?
You saved me a seat
and you brought me a drink.
Why are you being so nice?
Tell me, honestly, what are you after?
Fine, I'll get to the point.
Do you know Bei Weiwei well?
Weiwei? She's my roommate. Why?
I got it! You're trying to bribe me,
so I'll inform you of her whereabouts,
and you'll take photos
and slander her online.
Why do you know about that, too?
That was a misunderstanding.
I've apologized to her.
Now, I find her...
Now you have a crush on Weiwei?
Is it that obvious?
In your dreams!
Ouch...
I'm telling you,
don't think I'd help you with Weiwei,
because you're cozying up to me.
You should've done that anyway!
I got hurt because of you!
Fine... I'll take you to the doctor first.
Open it.
Thankfully my tail is okay.
Otherwise, you'd be done for!
My intention was good.
What happened was an accident.
But, I always own up to my actions.
Tell me, how can I compensate you?
Applying medicine is not an option.
In my nightmares!
I wouldn't let you anyway.
You can treat me to yummy food.
Sure! Whatever you want, we'll go now!
No way! I mean three meals a day.
How can I go to the cafeteria
in this state?
How would I be able to fight
the crowd for food?
Fine, I'll take care of
your three meals a day.
I'll deliver them to your dorm every day,
until you recover.
Okay.
I'm surprised you kept your word.
Of course! I'm a man of my word. Here.
I got two, one for you.
- One...
- How did you know I eat two breakfasts?
You know I like a drink
for breakfast, too?
You want me to give
one of the breakfasts to Weiwei, right?
Don't deny it. You think I'm dumb?
Well...
Is Weiwei upset about something?
How did you know?
She seems kind of down.
You're her roommate. Do you know why?
Of course, I do.
But why should I tell you?
It concerns Weiwei's privacy.
I'm telling you, don't bother bribing me
to put in a good word for you.
Even though I, Zhao Erxi, am
a sucker for food and... Food...
But I'd never sell out a friend.
Clever! I do want to bribe you.
You're admitting it?
Why shouldn't I?
I never tried to hide the fact
that I like her.
If you won't help me, that's fine.
I won't give up anyway.
Master, you're upset today, aren't you?
What's on your mind?
Do you want to talk?
It's nothing, I just suddenly have an urge
to fall in love.
But would anyone be attracted
to a girl like me?
BUT WOULD ANYONE BE ATTRACTED
TO A GIRL LIKE ME?
Only because they don't understand you
and have misconceptions about you.
I used to be one of them.
Master, come on, I'll take you somewhere.
Where?
You'll know when we get there.
- Where are you taking me?
- It's just up ahead.
It's so pretty!
Do you like it?
Yes.
There's more.
What are you doing?
Why are you so romantic suddenly?
Are you trying to practice this on me,
so you can pursue some girls?
Master, you're a girl.
Master, my level
has almost surpassed yours now.
I don't think I want to be
your apprentice anymore.
What? Are you going to betray your master?
No way! You're being ungrateful.
No, I mean, Wei...
Huantian Xidi, will you be
my in-game spouse?
He's confessing his love for me!
Yes, I will.
Now I know how I feel,
I should rush to log on,
and nail Naihe down
by any means necessary.
After all, I'm single, and so is Naihe.
But why am I afraid to log on?
Oh, no... I must be overtaken by
the "Awkwardians"!
Or, is this what they call "shyness"?
Forget it.
I'll study for the exams first.
I'll log on after the exams.
I'm sure he'll be around.
Right.
- Hello?
- Hi, is this Ms. Bei Weiwei?
Yes. Who's this?
Hello, Ms. Bei,
this is Fengteng's operations division
of "A Chinese Ghost Story."
Operations division
of "A Chinese Ghost Story"?
May I know what this is about?
First of all, congratulations
on your video
being voted number one
in our Video Drama Contest.
I've watched the video.
It's well-made. We all love it.
- Thanks.
- Here's the thing,
company executives
happened to see your video,
and were inspired by the plot
of marriage by abduction.
They want to add a marriage
by abduction feature into the game.
They also want to use your video
for the marketing campaign.
So they want to buy
the rights to your video.
Would you be willing to do so?
May I give you an answer later?
I didn't make the video on my own.
I have to consult with my friend.
Sure. When will you be able
to make a decision?
In two or three days.
Then... May I call you on Monday?
Sure.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
Weiwei,
you're sulking one minute
and elated the next.
Can you give us a mood-shift forecast?
Didn't you hear?
You said something about
"A Chinese Ghost Story."
Who was that?
Come on, indulge my curiosity.
I made a video a while back, remember?
Now Fengteng wants to buy
the rights to my video.
They said it inspired them,
so they want to add
a new feature to the game.
Is this solid?
I think so.
Fengteng is pretty good with
protecting players' personal info.
Aside from their staff, I don't think
anyone knows I'm Luwei Weiwei.
Anyway, it doesn't do them any good
to con me into doing this, right?
Good.
Go do your exercise sheets.
Go now... I'm going to play my game.
She's herself again.
Weiwei, come see me.
Why am I suddenly a bit nervous?
Where are you, Mrs. Nai?
I'm the one at fault. I bear the rod
to ask for punishment and forgiveness.
Yugong used the right idiom!
Mrs. Nai, it's all my fault.
You can beat the heck out of me.
What's the matter?
I was driving on the way back from
the business dinner, and the car crashed.
Are you okay?
You're online now,
so I guess you're fine?
We're fine. The truck suddenly
veered to the left without signaling.
We managed to dodge the truck,
but we smashed into a tree.
I'm okay, because Nai pushed me
out of harm's way.
Nai suffered a slight concussion,
but he woke up after just a day.
What do you mean by "just a day"?
It's serious, okay?
I'll go see Naihe.
Why are you online?
Why aren't you resting?
I'm fine now.
You still shouldn't be playing.
It's very tiring.
I'm not playing. I just have it on.
Just have it on?
Why did I receive your text,
as soon as I logged on?
Does your head still hurt?
I'm sorry for standing you up that day.
Compared to your injuries,
that was nothing.
I haven't logged on in days.
Has Naihe waited for days?
Does he think I'm mad at him?
I'm not mad.
At first, I was afraid
he wouldn't be online, and then...
I have exams coming up.
That's why I didn't log on for days.
I know.
You know? No, you don't!
By the way, Fengteng Technology
called me today.
They want to buy the rights to our video.
How should I reply?
That's a bit complicated.
- Is it?
- Yes.
So...
Let's talk in person.
This is my cellphone number.
This is Naihe's cellphone number?
My cellphone was stolen.
I haven't replaced it.
It's okay. Just take down my number.
Sure. Where shall we meet?
I'm at Qing University.
You're in Capital City too, right?
Yes, I'll pick you up on campus.
When are you free?
I have an exam tomorrow.
I'll be free after 11:30.
I'll wait by the university's east gate
at 12 o'clock.
Let's do 11:35,
so we don't have to wait for half an hour.
Why did I reveal my thoughts?
I can't even wait for half an hour?
That shows how eager I am!
I'll call you tomorrow.
I have to go now. Bye-bye!
Weiwei... Why are you running around?
What are you looking for?
Will you go shopping for clothes with me?
I never thought Weiwei would want
to shop for clothes!
That just goes to show
life is full of surprises.
How do you like this?
What do you think of the dress?
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan